David: People with disabilites tend to have
less absenteeism, less lateness,
you know, they tend to
stay in positions longer.
So they have attributes
that are positive for employers.
We have data on that. That's a good thing.
So I think the employers that have studied
that know that
hiring people with disabilities
can be a good deal for them.
[music plays]
David: To disclose or not to disclose
and at what point to disclose.
Right? Because at some point,
if you do get an offer and you show up
day one, whether it be virtual,
whether it be in-person
or some combination,
they're going to know and you're going
to need to disclose at that point.
So at what point in the process, at
what point do you put it on your resume?
How much do you allude to it?
Korrine: For me it really has depended
on the job and the position.
I've kind of done a variety
of either not disclosing
until I get an interview and go in person,
then it's kind of a given at that point,
my disability discloses itself
and I've also for other occasions
I have kind of written ahead
like in a cover letter and would like
just put out a brief statement highlighting
my strengths and not my weaknesses.
But most of the time I try to wait until
I at least get an interview
to kind of get my foot in the door
and then, you know, really drive home
I'm able to do these skills,
I'm able to do these tasks, you know.
Brian: You can really disclose at any point
in the process. But in a cover
letter like Korrine mentioned,
or if it’s during the interview itself or
even after you've been hired and you know,
before your first day of work.
But I think it's really important
that you have your accommodations in place
and ready to go before that
first day of work.
And also when you do disclose,
you get all the protection of the ADA.
That does not apply if you don't
decide to disclose to your employer.
[music plays]
David: People with disabilities often face
the perception of low expectations
from people in their universe
or from their family or friends or,
you know, “Oh, it's great
that you could even just do this.”
I wouldn't settle for that.
It’s up to you, to what you want to do
you are the only ones who can
place limits on yourselfs.
Brian: We do have to set higher expectations
of people with disabilities
and obviously there a range of disability
and a range of expectations
but it's really important that
we set a higher bars for people.
Korrine: At the end of the day, you're in your own body,
you can decide what you can and can't do.
You know your limits,
you know your strengths,
you know your weaknesses,
and you just have to go off of that.
You can't go based off of what
somebody else says.
David: Yeah, I agree. I agree.
And it comes, let's not
let people with disabilities
quote-unquote off the hook either.
I mean, it needs talent
and you need to nurture that talent.
There's a reason why
everybody knows Ray Charles,
because he's a great musician.
The same thing with Stevie Wonder
and keep going down the line, right?
So it definitely is up to people
with disabilities
to demonstrate that talent.
Brian: I also think networking
is really important.
I know for my own personal experience,
getting to know people,
it really helps you down the road.
Who knows, maybe there's a hiring
manager out there who is in your network
and may they'll help you find
a job or maybe they'll work
over your resume for you
and help you in any way that they can.
And, you know, the more people
you get to know and who know you,
the more likely you are to land a job.
[music plays]
David: I remember, like some of
my first jobs the hiring managers
or the manager, once I did
get hired ask me,
“Well, are you going to be able to do this?”
And invariably I would say yes,
even not even knowing if I could do it,
I would just say yes.
And then, you know,
usually take it up with the supervisor.
If I was running into a dilemma
or something like that,
and then the supervisor level
is more apt to be able to try to problem
solve with you and figure it out.
And only if it becomes
something that is intractable,
then I think it becomes an issue.
And those have happened.
But less than you might think.
I think more often than not,
the human condition takes over and people
want to help people to be successful.
To me, it's all about
having a positive attitude
because if you have
that positive attitude,
then you're more apt to keep going.
You're more apt to see the potential
there as opposed to focusing on
the negative things or what can go wrong.
Really, the only thing to worry about
is what you're worried about.
So why worry about things
that may never even happen?
We suffer more...I think it was Seneca,
the great stoic philosopher,
who said “We suffer more in
imagination than we do in reality.”
Korrine: I think that being able to be
persistent in knowing your goals
and knowing what you want
and really trying to take every effort
to get to that goal is really important.
You really need to keep pushing, keep
pushing, keep pushing for what you want,
what you need to get,
and eventually you'll get there.
David: The path to prosperity is paved
by perseverance because it's not easy.
It takes trial and error.
You got to hang in there.
You got to be prepared to, again
have it be messed up 99 times
to have it work on that 100th time.
Let's focus on what we can control,
break the things down, set goals,
and we'll become what we think about.
I’m just sure of it.
[music ends]